Mr. Qin can rest assured.
Miss Lin is fine except for some skin injuries
I see. You can go down.
Grandma thank you
If it weren't for you, I would be slightly
Grandma only hates herself for feeling too late
Let you suffer so much in vain
Wei Ziyue has been arrested at the police station
He will pay for his actions
All right.
I already know about your grandmother's illness.
I have had the best doctor arranged
Surgery on your grandmother
Grandma, you are so kind to me.
I really can't repay
Grandma will help you like this.
Not only because I like you
Also selfish
I would like to ask you to do me one more favor.
What are you busy with?
Hello Mr. Li, Mr. Li, you are finally back from a business trip.
What about Mingwei?
Miss Ming has asked for leave for the past two days and has not come to the company.
Mi Hyun
Grandma, why are you here?
The day after tomorrow is my 70th birthday.
Remember to bring Song Jixue to attend
Oh, I see.
Now that you have come back
Take the time to take a look at Weiwei
He was bullied and admitted to the hospital some time ago
Give him the invitation by the way